Architecture doc (#612)
ansys/pymechanical: doc/source/index.rst

----------

PyMechanical contains two interfaces: a remote session and an embedded instance.

> For a discussion on the application architecture of Mechanical and why there are
> two python interfaces, see :ref:`ref_architecture`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on the application architecture of Mechanical and why there are
two Python interfaces, see :ref:`ref_architecture`.
```
